[App Config] Add tags filter & list by label methods for 2023-11-01 API version (#30161)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/appconfiguration/app-configuration/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.7.0 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

- Support `listLabels` method to list all the labels in the configuration setting store.

> - Add `tagsFilter` in the option bag for `listConfigurationSettings` method. This feature allows you to filter configuration settings by specifying tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `tagsFilter` in the option bag for `listConfigurationSettings` method. This feature allows filtering configuration settings by specifying tags.
```
?

Reviewer: Also show an inline example?

Author: I'll show an example inline and link it to the samples
